He and his brother was fishing at the lake, but they didn't caught anything all day. She is the smartest girl in the whole school even though she doesn't never study. The men is working on the road since early this morning. I would have gave you my phone if I knew you needed it. She and I went to the mall for buying some new shoes. There are three cats sitting on top of that their fence. He didn't go to the doctor because he is feeling more better. Why you don't listen to what I tell you? The teacher she gives us way too many homeworks for the weekend. I have sawed that movie five times already. Then oranges tastes sour like they are rotten. We are supposed to met them at the park. Does your parents knows where you are at? I got a headache because the music are too loud. She singed the song real good at the talent show. Most of the cake have been eaten by the dog. My friend he doesn't got any car so he walks everywhere. I and you are going to be late if we don't hurry up. The sun was shining bright, but the wind blowed cold. I didn't saw anybody in the hallway. He is taller than me but I is stronger. They have been living there for ten year. Where the bathroom be at in this house? Her dress look beautiful but it don't fit her right. We have seen the accident when we are driving home. I'm done told him a thousand times to stop doing that. The children's was crying because they are hungry. He doesn't like no pizza with pineapples on it. Why she keeps looking at me like that? I have two dogs and three cat at my house. The water in the pool feel warm today. You are the one who broken the vase. He acts like he doesn't know me. I and her is going to the cinema tonight. They aren't going to tell us the truth. I thought the store was closed on Sundays. She does her hair every morning before school. We are eating dinner when the lights flickered. He got more money than I do. I ain't got no time for games. The birds have built a nest in that tree. Why he always gotta be so loud? I have seen a big spider in my room last night. She doesn't never want to go nowhere. We are the best team in the league. My shoes are dirty because I walked in the mud. He has been working there since a long time. They don't want to play with us no more. I forgot where I putted my keys at. Her sister is coming to visit us next week.
