Him and his brother was fishing at the lake but they didn't caught nothing all day. She be the smartest girl in the whole school even though she don't never study. The mens is working on the road since early this morning. I would of gave you my phone if I knowed you needed it. Her and me went to the mall for buying some new shoes. There is three cats sitting on top of that there fence. He didn't went to the doctor because he were feeling more better. Why you doesn't listen to what I tells you? The teacher she give us way too much homeworks for the weekend. I has saw that movie five times already. Them oranges tastes sour like they is rotten. We was supposed to meeted them at the park. Does your parents knows where you is at? I gots a headache because the music are too loud. She singed the song real good at the talent show. Most of the cake have been ate by the dog. My friend he don't got no car so he walk everywhere. Me and you is going to be late if we doesn't hurry up. The sun was shining bright but the wind blowed cold. I didn't saw nobody in the hallway. He taller than me but I is stronger. They has been living there for ten year. Where the bathroom be at in this house? Her dress look beautiful but it don't fit her right. We seen the accident when we was driving home. I done told him a thousand times to stop doing that. The childrens was crying because they was hungry. He don't like no pizza with pineapples on it. Why she keep looking at me like that? I has two dog and three cat at my house. The water in the pool feel warm today. You was the one who broken the vase. He act like he don't know me. Me and her is going to the cinema tonight. They wasn't never gonna tell us the truth. I thinked the store was closed on Sundays. She do her hair every morning before school. We was eating dinner when the lights flickered. He gots more money than I do. I ain't got no time for games. The birds has built a nest in that tree. Why he always gotta be so loud? I seen a big spider in my room last night. She don't never want to go nowhere. We is the best team in the league. My shoes is dirty because I walked in the mud. He been working there since a long time. They doesn't wants to play with us no more. I forgot where I putted my keys at. Her sister are coming to visit us next week.