I and him goes to the store yesterday because we are hungry and wanting some foods for dinner. She doesn't like no vegetables even though they are good for you health. Then dogs is barking real loud at the postman what always deliver the mail late. If I was you, I would have went to the party instead of staying home and do nothing. The book who I read was better than the movie version. We have been waiting for two hour and nobody haven't come to help us yet. He and I seen a ghost in that there house last night. My brother he plays guitar good, but he doesn't never practice enough. Where is the keys at? I thought I left them on the table where the cat sleeps. Most people don't know how to drive careful in the rain. It were a dark and stormy night when the wind blowed the door open. Why you are acting so strange today? Her sister is taller than her, but she runs faster. Each of the boys have they own toys to play with. We are going to go, but it started raining real hard. I have seen him did it with my own eyes. There are many reasons why I love summer. You shouldn't of said that to her because she feels bad now. Him don't got any money for buy a new car. I and her is best friends forever. They are eating lunch when the phone ringed. Do you want to go with us? I got a lot of work for doing today. The water in the lake feel cold. He didn't have me no choice in the matter. She sings beautiful but she is shy. We have gone to that restaurant many times. My mom she cooks the best pasta. I ain't never seen anything like that before. The birds are flying south for the winter. He doesn't know anything about how to fix a computer. Why she always gotta be so mean? I'm done my homework already so I can play games. The children's is playing outside in the dirt. You are supposed to call me yesterday. He is taller than his father is. I am working here for five years. They don't like the way the cake taste. Me want some more juice please. Her hair look real pretty today. We are happy that you came over. He walks to school every morning. I have two sisters and one brother. The car need a wash real bad. She want no help from nobody. I thought it were going to be sunny today. They are watching a movie when the power gone out. I is the smartest kid in the class. Me forgot my umbrella at home.