Me and him goes to the store yesterday because we was hungry and wanting some foods for dinner. She don't like no vegetables even though they is good for you health. Them dogs is barking real loud at the postman what always deliver the mail late. If I was you, I would of went to the party instead of staying home and do nothing. The book who I readed was more better than the movie version. We has been waiting for two hour and nobody haven't came to help us yet. Him and me seen a ghost in that there house last night. My brother he play guitar good but he don't never practice enough. Where is the keys at? I thinked I left them on the table where the cat sleep. Most people doesn't knows how to drive careful in the rain. It were a dark and stormy night when the wind blowed the door open. Why you is acting so strange today? Her sister are taller than her but she run more faster. Each of the boys have they own toys to play with. We was gonna go but it started raining real hard. I seen him did it with my own eyes. There is many reasons why I loves summer. You shouldn't of said that to her because she feel bad now. Him don't got no money for buy a new car. Me and her is best friends forever. They was eating lunch when the phone ringed. Does you wants to go with us? I gots a lot of work for doing today. The water in the lake feel cold. He didn't gave me no choice in the matter. She sing beautiful but she be shy. We has went to that restaurant many time. My mom she cook the bestest pasta. I ain't never seen nothing like that before. The birds is flying south for the winter. He don't know nothing about how to fix a computer. Why she always gotta be so mean? I done my homework already so I can play games. The childrens is playing outside in the dirt. You was supposed to call me yesterday. He taller than his father is. I be working here since five years. They doesn't likes the way the cake taste. Me want some more juice please. Her hair look real pretty today. We is happy that you comed over. He walk to school every morning. I has two sister and one brother. The car need a wash real bad. She don't want no help from nobody. I thinked it were gonna be sunny today. They was watching a movie when the power goned out. Him is the smartest kid in the class. Me forgot my umbrella at home.